docs: alert about support being limited to Nuxt 2 (#681)
nuxt-community/sentry-module: docs/content/en/index.md

<img src="/preview.png" class="light-img" width="1280" height="640" alt=""/>
<img src="/preview-dark.png" class="dark-img" width="1280" height="640" alt=""/>

[Sentry Module](https://github.com/nuxt-community/sentry-module) for [NuxtJS 2](https://v2.nuxt.com/).

<alert type="warning">

>   If you want support for Nuxt 3, please, raise your opinion [in this discussion](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/discussions/6929) and ensure to make clear that the Nuxt community would love to see a first-class support from Sentry 🔥.

Reviewer: I don't think they will appreciate people who are adding "me too" comments. It should be enough to show support by adding reaction on the first post there.

>   If you can't wait, there's a recipe [in this post](https://www.lichter.io/articles/nuxt3-sentry-recipe/) you can try.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In the mean time you can try a [solution that can provide limited functionality](https://www.lichter.io/articles/nuxt3-sentry-recipe/).
```

Author: I'm sorry for not commit your suggestion, but there's a typo. I'll submit an update shortly.
